rev up to 2.1.3 (#81)
praetorian-inc/praetorian-cli: README.md

password = 8epu9bQ2kqb8qwd.GR
```

### Authentication in organizations that use SSO

SSO enabled accounts can use CLI by inviting password-based accounts as collaborators. 
These collaborator accounts can assume into the main account using the "account" option in the CLI, or including that information in the keychain file itself : 

```
[United States]
name = chariot
client_id = 795dnnr45so7m17cppta0b295o
api = https://d0qcl2e18h.execute-api.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/chariot
username = lara.lynch@acme.com
password = 8epu9bQ2kqb8qwd.GR
account = security.team@acme.com
```

There are two common approaches to manage CLI access in SSO organizations:

> 1. Sign up a service account using a password and a service email address, such as
>    security.team+cli@acme.com. In the master account, invite security-team+cli@acme.com as a
>    collaborator. All CLI users share the password for the service account.
> 2. Every CLI user additionally signs up using password-based authentication. In the master
>    account, invite each CLI user as collaborator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign up a common account for CLI access eg. security.team+cli@acme.com. 
In the master account, invite security-team+cli@acme.com as a collaborator. 
ℹ️ All CLI users share the keychain for the service account.
2. Add each CLI user as a collaborator in the master account. 
ℹ️ Every CLI user signs up using password-based authentication.
```

password = 8epu9bQ2kqb8qwd.GR
```

### Authentication in organizations that use SSO

> In organizations that use SSO, access to CLI is supported by inviting
> password-based accounts as collaborators. CLI users use the credentials of their password-based
> account in the keychain file to authenticate and operate on behalf of the master account, the account
> that have SSO configured. This is accomplished by the **account** variable in the profile. As an example, 
> for a master account with the email address security.team@acme.com, add 
> `account = security.team@acme.com` to the keychain file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSO enabled accounts can use CLI by inviting password-based accounts as collaborators. 
These collaborator accounts can assume into the main account using the "account" option in the CLI, or including that information in the keychain file itself : 
```
